•Add a new feature:
n this section, we'll be modifying the repository to add a new feature, without affecting the current iteration. This new feature is designed to improve the food count (from the file food_count.py) output. So, create a branch named improve-output using the following command:

git branch improve-output

Move to the improve-output branch from the master branch.

git checkout improve-output

Here, you can modify the script file without disturbing the existing code. Once modified and tested, you can update the master branch with a working code.
Now, open food_count.py in the nano editor using the following command:

nano food_count.py

Add the line below before printing for loop in the food_count.py script:

print("Favourite foods, from most popular to least popular")

Save the file by pressing Ctrl-o, the Enter key, and Ctrl-x. Then run the script food_count.py again to see the output:

./food_count.py

After running the food_count.py script successfully, commit the changes from the improve-output branch by adding this script to the staging area using the following command:

git add food_count.py

Now, commit the changes you've done in the improve-output branch.

git commit -m "Adding a line in the output describing the utility of food_count.py script"

•Fix the script:
In this section, we'll fix the script food_question.py, which displayed an error when executing it. You can run the file again to view the error.

./food_question.py

This script gives us the error: "NameError: name 'item' is not defined" but your colleague says that the file was running fine before the most recent commit they did.

In this case, we'll revert back the previous commit.
For this, check the git log history so that you can revert back to the commit where it was working fine.

git log

Here, you'll see the commits in reverse chronological order and find the commit having "Rename item variable to food_item" as a commit message. Make sure to note the commit ID for this particular commit.
Enter q to exit.
To revert, use the following command:

git revert [commit-ID]

Replace [commit-ID] with the commit ID you noted earlier.
This creates a new commit again. You can continue with the default commit message on the screen or add your own commit message.
Then continue by clicking Ctrl-o, the Enter key, and Ctrl-x.
Now, run food_question.py again and verify that it's working as intended.

./food_question.py

•Merge operation:
Before merging the branch improve-output, switch to the master branch from the current branch improve-output branch using the command below:

git checkout master

Merge the branch improve-output into the master branch.

git merge improve-output

Now, all your changes made in the improve-output branch are on the master branch.

./food_question.py

To get the status from the master branch, use the command below:

git status

To track the git commit logs, use the following command:

git log

